src/chapter_1.md, before:

# Manual Corporation Walkthrough

To get a feel for how your Corporation works it can be helpful to
interact with it through the game's user interface first. There are
tons of informative tool-tips on different UI elements explaining how
everything works.

## Creating your (First) Corporation

Head to the City Hall in Sector-12 to create your first corporation.
Since it's your first corporation you are most likely in Bitnode 3. If
you are you should choose to start with seed money from the
government.  Earning the seed money to self-fund your corporation
under the harsh restrictions of Bitnode 3 takes an excessively long
time.

Let's start by taking a look at the UI and what's available after we
create the corporation.

The initial Corporation screen gives you an overview of the status of
your corporation. Unlike most other mechanics in Bitburner, you can't
spend your personal money on Corporation unlocks or upgrades. Instead
you can only spend your corporation funds on these things. You always
start a corporation with $150 billion.

Right now our Corporation doesn't have any way to make money and it's
going to take a lot of investment to start making money. We're
probably going to need to get several rounds of investors to raise the
money to make our corporation truly profitable. In order to get as
much money as possible in each investment round we want to generate as
much profit as we possibly can with the funds we get in each
round.

```admonish note
#### How to make Money

But how do we actually make money with a corporation? The basic answer
is that you will hire employees, assign them to work in positions. You
will set up standing orders to buy the input materials your industry
needs and your employees productivity will turn those input materials
into output materials. You will then sell those output materials for a
profit.
```

In order to maximize our profit we need to produce as many output
materials as possible and we need to maximize the quality of our
inputs. But that's getting ahead of ourselves. For now, the first step
is to create...

## Your First Division

In order to start making money we need to expand into an industry to
create our first division. Our initial budget of $150 billion might
seem like a lot, but it's actually a fairly small budget for how much
most things cost in corporations. Because of this we should only
expand into one division initially and focus on upgrading it to
maximize the quantity and quality of the materials we produce with it.

It is _highly_ recommended that if you are new to the Corporation
mechanic you start by creating an Agriculture division first.

```admonish question
####  Why Should You Start with Agriculture?

Since our ultimate goal is to create high quality products to sell for
lots of money, we need to learn a little bit about how product quality
is determined. We'll get into this in more depth later but for now
the most important thing to know is that higher quality inputs produce
higher quality outputs. When we buy materials from the market they
always have the base level quality of 1. In order to get higher
quality materials we need to produce them ourselves using research
points, engineers and researchers (employees assigned to Research &
Development) to raise the quality of our output products.

Eventually, we want to create a circular supply chain where we
feedback high-quality materials into the beginning of our supply chain
to create even higher-quality products. Initially though we can only
create one industry and won't be able to unlock the "Export" mechanic
which is key to creating complex supply chains.
```

To create our Agriculture division click the "Expand" button at the
top of the Corporation screen next to the name of your
corporation. Choose Agriculture and a name for your new division.

This will create a new agriculture division with one office in
Sector-12 and a starting warehouse.

Commit message:

Expand on "Why Agriculture" section

src/chapter_1.md, after:

# Manual Corporation Walkthrough

To get a feel for how your Corporation works it can be helpful to
interact with it through the game's user interface first. There are
tons of informative tool-tips on different UI elements explaining how
everything works.

## Creating your (First) Corporation

Head to the City Hall in Sector-12 to create your first corporation.
Since it's your first corporation you are most likely in Bitnode 3. If
you are you should choose to start with seed money from the
government.  Earning the seed money to self-fund your corporation
under the harsh restrictions of Bitnode 3 takes an excessively long
time.

Let's start by taking a look at the UI and what's available after we
create the corporation.

The initial Corporation screen gives you an overview of the status of
your corporation. Unlike most other mechanics in Bitburner, you can't
spend your personal money on Corporation unlocks or upgrades. Instead
you can only spend your corporation funds on these things. You always
start a corporation with $150 billion.

Right now our Corporation doesn't have any way to make money and it's
going to take a lot of investment to start making money. We're
probably going to need to get several rounds of investors to raise the
money to make our corporation truly profitable. In order to get as
much money as possible in each investment round we want to generate as
much profit as we possibly can with the funds we get in each
round.

```admonish note
#### How to make Money

But how do we actually make money with a corporation? The basic answer
is that you will hire employees, assign them to work in positions. You
will set up standing orders to buy the input materials your industry
needs and your employees productivity will turn those input materials
into output materials. You will then sell those output materials for a
profit.
```

In order to maximize our profit we need to produce as many output
materials as possible and we need to maximize the quality of our
inputs. But that's getting ahead of ourselves. For now, the first step
is to create...

## Your First Division

In order to start making money we need to expand into an industry to
create our first division. Our initial budget of $150 billion might
seem like a lot, but it's actually a fairly small budget for how much
most things cost in corporations. Because of this we should only
expand into one division initially and focus on upgrading it to
maximize the quantity and quality of the materials we produce with it.

It is _highly_ recommended that if you are new to the Corporation
mechanic you start by creating an Agriculture division first.

```admonish question
####  Why Should You Start with Agriculture?

Our ultimate goal is to create high quality products to sell for lots
of money, so we need to learn a little bit about how product quality
is determined. We'll get into this in more depth later but for now the
most important thing to know is that higher quality inputs produce
higher quality outputs. When we buy materials from the market they
always have the base level quality of 1. In order to get higher
quality materials we need to produce them ourselves using research
points, engineers and researchers (employees assigned to Research &
Development) to raise the quality of our output products.

Eventually, we want to create a circular supply chain where we
feedback high-quality materials into the beginning of our supply chain
to create even higher-quality products. If you spend some time in the
Industry expand screen you can see what materials each industry
produces and consumes. To create the optimal circular supply chain we
need to have an industry producing at least one input material for
each of our industries. We recommend Agriculture because it is part of
the smallest self-sufficient supply chain (Agriculture <-> Chemical)
and Agriculture is cheaper than Chemical to start and has better
scaling in some mechanics we haven't talked about yet.

Because of our low budget in the first round we can only create one
industry and we won't be able to unlock the "Export" mechanic which is
key to creating complex supply chains, but starting with Agriculture
sets us up to expand into Chemical and complete our supply chain loop.
```

To create our Agriculture division click the "Expand" button at the
top of the Corporation screen next to the name of your
corporation. Choose Agriculture and a name for your new division.

This will create a new agriculture division with one office in
Sector-12 and a starting warehouse.
