src/glossary.md, before:

# Glossary

## Corporation

Your corporation is an umbrella entity which all your different
[divisions][division] are nested under. There are also a number of
feature unlocks that apply to your entire corporation, and upgrades
that affect every [office][offices] or [warehouse][warehouses] in
every [division].

### Unlocks

[Unlock]: ./glossary.md#unlocks

## Divisions

When you expand your corporation into a new industry you create a new
division. Each [division] can have up to six [offices], one in each
city. Every division has specific stats visible in the
interface. They are visible in the same screen as the office
information but are not specific to a particular office.

## Offices

Each office has [employees] and a [warehouse][warehouses].

## Warehouses

The warehouse for a specific office has a certain amount of storage
space, and it can hold [materials]. The kinds of materials that appear
in the UI are limited to the relevant [input][inputs],
[output][outputs] materials or [products] for that industry, as well
as the [boost materials][boosts] that all industries can use.

## Employees

Employee stats are tracked as averages. Employees have three stats:
morale, energy and experience. You can assign employees to different
[positions].

## Positions

There are six different positions you can assign employees to.

- Operations: Increases production _quantity_
- Engineer: Increases production _quality_ and minor increase to _quantity_.
- Business: Increases the number of materials/products you can sell per cycle.
- Management: Increases bonus for Operations and Engineer employees
- Research & Development - Generates Research Points, minor increase
  quality of output materials and products.
- Intern: Increased experience gain and improves average morale and
  energy for the office.

[division]: ./glossary.md#divisions
[offices]: ./glossary.md#offices
[warehouses]: ./glossary.md#warehouses
[employees]: ./glossary.md#employees
[positions]: ./glossary.md#positions

---

## Corporation Funds

## Investors

---

## Materials

There are numerous different types of materials.

### Input Materials

Input materials are the materials a division will consume in order to
[produce][production] output materials or products.

### Output Materials

Output materials are produced by your division during the [production
phase][production].

### Boost Materials

### Products

[materials]: ./glossary.md#materials
[inputs]: ./glossary.md#input-materials
[outputs]: ./glossary.md#output-materials
[boosts]: ./glossary.md#boost-materials
[products]: ./glossary.md#products

---

## Corporation Phase Cycle

Corporation repeatedly cycles through a sequence of five phases. A
full cycle takes 10 seconds. If you have bonus time accrued this cycle
will only take 1 second per cycle.

### Start

Many corporation actions only happen at the beginning of the START
phase including:

- Tea and Party increases to employee average stats

### Purchase

During the purchase phase all standing purchase orders for
[input][inputs] and [boost][boosts] materials are executed.

### Production

During the production phase [input materials][inputs] are consumed and
[output materials][outputs] or [products] are produced.

### Export

During the export phase, if you have purchased the Export [Unlock]
material export orders between your offices are processed.

### Sale

During the sale phase all standing sell orders for [output][outputs]
materials and [products] are executed. Depending on the price you've
set to sell at and a variety of other factors you may not be able to
sell all the products you've produced in a single sell cycle.

[start]: ./glossary.md#start
[purchase]: ./glossary.md#purchase
[production]: ./glossary.md#production
[export]: ./glossary.md#export
[sale]: ./glossary.md#sale

Commit message:

Add notes about what happens at the beginning of each phase

src/glossary.md, after:

# Glossary

## Corporation

Your corporation is an umbrella entity which all your different
[divisions][division] are nested under. There are also a number of
feature unlocks that apply to your entire corporation, and upgrades
that affect every [office][offices] or [warehouse][warehouses] in
every [division].

### Unlocks

[Unlock]: ./glossary.md#unlocks

## Divisions

When you expand your corporation into a new industry you create a new
division. Each [division] can have up to six [offices], one in each
city. Every division has specific stats visible in the
interface. They are visible in the same screen as the office
information but are not specific to a particular office.

## Offices

Each office has [employees] and a [warehouse][warehouses].

## Warehouses

The warehouse for a specific office has a certain amount of storage
space, and it can hold [materials]. The kinds of materials that appear
in the UI are limited to the relevant [input][inputs],
[output][outputs] materials or [products] for that industry, as well
as the [boost materials][boosts] that all industries can use.

## Employees

Employee stats are tracked as averages. Employees have three stats:
morale, energy and experience. You can assign employees to different
[positions].

## Positions

There are six different positions you can assign employees to.

- Operations: Increases production _quantity_
- Engineer: Increases production _quality_ and minor increase to _quantity_.
- Business: Increases the number of materials/products you can sell per cycle.
- Management: Increases bonus for Operations and Engineer employees
- Research & Development - Generates Research Points, minor increase
  quality of output materials and products.
- Intern: Increased experience gain and improves average morale and
  energy for the office.

[division]: ./glossary.md#divisions
[offices]: ./glossary.md#offices
[warehouses]: ./glossary.md#warehouses
[employees]: ./glossary.md#employees
[positions]: ./glossary.md#positions

---

## Corporation Funds

## Investors

---

## Materials

There are numerous different types of materials.

### Input Materials

Input materials are the materials a division will consume in order to
[produce][production] output materials or products.

### Output Materials

Output materials are produced by your division during the [production
phase][production].

### Boost Materials

### Products

[materials]: ./glossary.md#materials
[inputs]: ./glossary.md#input-materials
[outputs]: ./glossary.md#output-materials
[boosts]: ./glossary.md#boost-materials
[products]: ./glossary.md#products

---

## Corporation Phase Cycle

Corporation repeatedly cycles through a sequence of five phases. A
full cycle takes 10 seconds. If you have bonus time accrued this cycle
will only take 1 second per cycle.

### Every Phase

A lot of values update at the beginning of each phase:

- Employee experience increases
- Production Multiplier is recalculated

### Start

Many corporation actions only happen at the beginning of the START
phase including:

- Tea and Party increases to employee average stats

### Purchase

During the purchase phase all standing purchase orders for
[input][inputs] and [boost][boosts] materials are executed.

### Production

During the production phase [input materials][inputs] are consumed and
[output materials][outputs] or [products] are produced.

### Export

During the export phase, if you have purchased the Export [Unlock]
material export orders between your offices are processed.

### Sale

During the sale phase all standing sell orders for [output][outputs]
materials and [products] are executed. Depending on the price you've
set to sell at and a variety of other factors you may not be able to
sell all the products you've produced in a single sell cycle.

[start]: ./glossary.md#start
[purchase]: ./glossary.md#purchase
[production]: ./glossary.md#production
[export]: ./glossary.md#export
[sale]: ./glossary.md#sale
