# Introduction to Corporations

The Corporation mechanic places you in the role of a CEO of a new
corporation. You will expand into one (or more) industries, set up
complex supply chains to produce high-quality materials and products;
hire employees to do research, produce materials and products,
managers to oversee and improve the productivity of other workers and
a sales team to sell your materials and products to produce a profit.

You will have the opportunity to take up to four rounds of investment
in order to rapidly grow your corporation from a tiny startup in your
parents garage into a world-spanning capitalist behemoth. Eventually
you will take your corporation public and it's shares will be publicly
traded on the stock market, and you will issue dividends to your
stockholders (including yourself!) to turn your corporate profits into
personal wealth.

## Overview and Terminology

Corporations have a lot of moving parts, so let's start with an
overview of the structure and the general terminology.

Your corporation can have many different [divisions]. Each division
can have multiple [offices], one in each [city]. Each office has a
pool of [workers] which can be assigned to various [roles], and a
warehouse for storing [input materials], [output materials], [boost
materials] and [products].

## Don't Panic

Running a corporation is complex and you'll need to make a lot of
irreversible choices before getting feedback about whether those
choices were good or bad. It is easy to paint yourself into a corner
and use up all your corporate funds creating a corporation that can
barely turn a profit. That may sound scary, but _DON'T PANIC_! No
matter what happens, you can always sell your CEO position to some
other sucker and start over with a new corporation! This option is
available through a button "Sell CEO position" just above the
"Unlocks" section in the main tab of your corporation.

## How to Read this Guide

If you're completely new to corporations start with the UI and
mechanics walkthrough in [Chapter 1](./chapter_1.md). Once you're
familiar with the basic mechanics you can start thinking about
automating parts of your corporation which we'll discuss in [Chapter
2](./chapter_2.md).
